W-22108309-query-complexity¨ (#1050)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway-home/modules/ROOT/pages/index.adoc

| External Processing ^| Sends the incoming HTTP requests or outgoing HTTP responses to an external gRPC service for additional processing ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-external-processing.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-external-processing.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-external-processing.adoc[Yes] ^| No 

> | GraphQL Static Query Complexity ^| Estimates static query complexity from your schema and rejects operations that exceed a configured budget before Flex Gateway forwards traffic upstream ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[Yes] ^| No 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| GraphQL Static Query Complexity ^| Calculates query complexity and blocks requests that exceed the defined budget ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[Yes] ^| xref:gateway::policies-included-graphql-static-query-complexity.adoc[Yes] ^| No 
```
